pain and choke on the knees on the composition
allowed understandable yes means working
in the ring in the sand
so the attention is gone so that
freak pressing got and also so
concerns will the panther
if there is just a minimum liability
finish chained body weight and no active
action
dies or
not
doctors
Here is an assist and would not say that this
i will stop the tab no offense but if you
worthy will do
and so ladies and gentlemen we are glad you
welcome today to another with us
on tournament arrow today 2 August
assign 9
we congratulate everyone who served in
airborne troops
[applause]
so the guy in the middle again remind
there are rules and we don’t disturb them
no and no trial after my team ring
your hands shook
god and ready
during this first fight
[applause]
defend ourselves
all hands thanks again to the organizers
Thank you all to my brother Andrei Vinokur
who today came to carry meat
[applause]
classes love said
I say hi , I don't know everything, really
if those who follow me ill Hello
Thank you all so he said I went here
thanks again thanks
I had to greatly Nicholas systems with his
Opponent good fight well thank you all
Thanks for participating
power
and I proved to sergey, I think might
be the main word
today's tournament
[applause]
she is
this thing went and 1 just went this
the next couple come out valery im
must face up to sixty
two kilos greet guys
[applause]
healthy picture
Marina center so on Mikhail perch not
broken time no judge no after my
teams rick your hands fire
corner ready for something
about
April 2
[applause]
the result will be
the first lies food is not you I 'm not afraid
The so-called sell it
[applause]
pipe
I have not seen this
Regretfully, this is what I offer.
the abode of god.
you have something to say to the viewers blood i
I want to say thank you to the organizers
the tournament before you do not like the guy
visit and levkasu division words come on
thank you thanks let's basically nothing
Kira there is a holiday
thank you side honestly and thanks again
good fight thank you bar
the next couple goes ram